Plugins: Expose "query" plugin metadata (#75323)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/metadata.md

| `streaming`          | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports streaming. Used in Explore to start live streaming.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `tracing`            | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, if the plugin supports tracing. Used for example to link logs (e.g. Loki logs) with tracing plugins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `query`              | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, used to enable the plugin in the query variable editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query`              | boolean                       | No       | For data source plugins, enables the plugin in the query variable editor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```
